yeah
Shh
express yourself you don't know
hello got it
whatever you do whatever you
want
I'm jaded and my name is jaylin
we have open thursdays
you've been learning lots about
social justice for my science
lay my favorite thing is 4 20
my family says that getting
active is the right thing to do
a virgin she come to ALCS
because there's so many activity
you can all have fun
you can always be ready to go to
do what you love
a lot of fun and one but i think
what makes it special is that
a community that created here as
the warm welcome culture that we
have which is really like family
so our students or teachers or
administrators parents
everyone comes together
extension
this way we offer our rich
kerela you're an academic
leadership really good example
of what it is
who would like them off the bart
board and play my guitar
all right well
hi my love
no more vibration vibration
I teachers have an incredibly
strong relationships in our
students
where did you come from Oh
Benjamin Franklin it's a long
time people to discover it
we let and what fraction of the
hour
just one hat very good
our children have a lot of
strange
I cool i like very proud because
I get to be creative
I love technology good because I
get to meet my other computer
with mr. d
every child in every great as a
lot to offer and the main thing
that I
from them
just having a passion for
learning and having the ability
to work with each other and
Karen fridge and I would say
those are the most rewarding
part of the job see children
learn we really value
how much they should be right
maybe your reason why
the door closed
so you could up and one
- the perfect
like a night and go
your heart will go
time you know
I
and live
the shower
just
what
go to leave it
it's being in the
yeah
oh I love ya
yes definitely